Document membership criteria and expectations (#174)
rust-lang/lang-team: src/leads.md

# Lang team leadership

> Lang team leads drive the overall team agenda and tend to its well-being. They generally chair the meetings, keep an eye out for conflicts, and are to some extent the decision makers of last resort. They drive the roadmap process. They also post blog posts updating the public (possibly through delegation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lang team leads drive the overall team agenda and tend to its well-being. They generally chair the meetings, keep an eye out for conflicts, ensure that tasks "someone" needs to do get a concrete owner, and help drive towards consensus. They coordinate the roadmap process regularly. They also take responsibility for posting blog posts updating the public (possibly through delegation).
```
